Speed while playing is essentially how fast we can communicate this language.  
There is something philosophically defining about speed.  
But I dont think you can read and play with significant speed with the current music language.  This is perhaps why people train themselves to memorize pieces.  
Although I dont know the limit for this.  If I looked for it, it would probably depress me how some people can accomplish this.  
But you need many people to be able to accomplish it.  For then and only then does it become a language.  
People must be able to express themselves as well as understand those who speak.  

Thinking about speed, I noticed a bit while playing Fur Elise.  I cant really read the notes at the speed I play.  You can kind of see markers which indicate 
that the pattern is changing slightly etc in the music at speed.  But I dont think I will reach the speed that I would like to be at while reading the notes.  
I doubt I can reach the speed I would like even without reading the notes, but for me the speed while reading is probably more important at this stage.  
Right now I think the improvement from first trial to 10th trial of a piece brings more speed improvement than for example 40th to 50th.  
What exactly is the speed improvement graph look like?  
The data is probably still not accurate enough, as sometimes I re-repeat things I shouldnt, or skip repeats, but it may be good enough to glean some information from.  

Regarding music though, once there is an agreed upon and mature language, then reading the notes becomes less important as you will be able to make meaningful phrases from memory.  
That is kind of what classical music is, some agreed upon patterns.  

*Future mind*
In modern times there is not any need necessarily to agree upon the language which we use.  
We are able to speak to many people even if there is only a language created by a small subset of people.  
But it would need to be interesting enough for people to look into, otherwise it would die out.  
I am not that interesting, but I also dont understand or relate to what most people think is interesting.  
Generally I dont come to the same conclusions.  

Anyway speed in language is important.  
Although I hate fighting with time.  
It doesnt have to be me that finalizes anything.  
If I can contribute anything to the creation of an agreed upon musical linguistic structure, that would be cool.  

**analyze.html (**testmidi.html)
-Add the midi here.  
finally have testmidi.html working.  
Listened to Claire de Lune on this to make sure it was ok.  
I think the midi I am recording is fairly accurate.  
I like this JZZ library, nice documentation, nice code seems.  
The sample for reading midi file was outdated, but got over that hurdle now.  

-Add time graph of volume and any events from the comments.  
-Compare trials based on relative time, make them the equidistant.  
-Leave space for about 5 trials, each showing the volume and comment graphs.  
-Maybe just use 176 pixels vertically 2 for each key.  
Then we can show multiple at the same time to compare.  Too complex?  
Maybe just use the code someone else did and try to match up with the piano keys.  
Not sure which is easier.  
To start just do the time graphs.  
1 second 2 pixels to start.  
1 key 2 pixels.  
Should work for most songs.  
-Vertical or horizontal?  Expand and show the actual midi notes over time as each trial is being played.  
-reload the list of comments each time based on what is in the textbox, not just the original.  
Load from textbox to generate the list and add any new comments.  Scroll to any comment.  


**RANT
Doctors should be much more available in general.  The information they provide is not that interesting most of the time anyway.  
The time availability issue causes care to be of limited use.  

