What is the point of keeping a diary?  
I believe writing to yourself helps your communicative ability overall. 
It is also a nice way to try to reach logical conclusions about topics over time.  
Often we forget or are unaware of the conclusions we draw.  
Some more than others.  

I was thinking about this project more as an enhanced diary.  
Since I am essentially using any communication available to store my thoughts.  
Does the fact that I cant share personal details hinder my ability to communicate about the topics I care about?  
More than this, my limited linguistic mastery prevents me from sharing my thoughts.  

When I was about 17 I wrote down many of my thoughts, sometimes pages per day.  Unfortunately none of that remains.  
I hope to continue this though so that some of my thoughts do remain.  

Importance of Process improvement:
I tend to focus more on processes lately rather than results.  
This is because I have seen many times how improvement of process can affect people 
in a more fundamental fashion than the result of any one particular project or idea.  
If you have the right set of processes, the work required to accomplish something seems trivial.  
However improving processes is not an easy task.  
There are many simple and complex processes I would like to see improved, and I cant seem to affect them in a timely manner.  
This means it would take far too much of my time to instigate any lasting or significant change.  
Although I have the desire to effect change, all what we do is a tradeoff.  
And for most of us this time requirement is a non-starter.  
So how do we effect change in complex systems without this overbearing time constraint?  
Most of us attempt to write or communicate in some way what it is that would be more desireable.  
Unfortunately even if the time is taken to write these things down, most of it goes unread.  
Even if it is read, is it read by someone who is actually able or in a position to effect the change that is suggested?  
So many hurdles to overcome.  
How do you get relevant information to relevant people?  
Right now this burden lies on the information consumer 
to attempt to sort through the current tsunami of information that comes at us each day.  
The information dissemination platforms reward popularity.  
Popularity begets information disseminators who desire popularity.  
Information disseminators who desire popularity begets shallow content.  
Shallow content is necessary so that a large swath of the population can participate.  
If a large swath of the population can understand and participate in the content, there is a higher probability that the content will become popular.  
Most people utilize information dissemination platforms which are global.  
So how do we get targeted content which goes to individuals who may act on that information.  
And how do we provide information which has sufficient depth to be truly educational.  
How do we provide this on a large scale?  
Are there enough people able to provide intelligible content?  
How do we improve the algorithms to target this content properly?  
How can we disassociate targeted content with advertisement?  

Whatever the Communication medium, we need some far more organized writing structure.  
We need some sort of algorithmic writing which builds on itself like mathematics.  
Some would say that this exists with Citation methods.  
What other methodologies exist?  Citations are a start, but they are not good enough.  


**backup.py
Need to write something to get the data generated from Youtube in some form of backup.  


**analyze/analyze.py
-Count how many times my eyes stray from the music to the hands.  
-Get data on what finger is used to play each note, this may be difficult at this point.  

**words/words.py
want to extract all words between TRIAL#x and END#x, or perhaps just see if we can get the speaking during the piece as well.  
This doesnt really happen often enough to worry about.  
Just run a speech-to-text on the videos and store under words/ directory datestamped.  
From here we can pull things to put into book as part of the process.  
If we have some lyrics in there that is fine.  Just timestamp the words, so that we can sort it out if necessary.  

See if we can use this library.  
Distraction maybe, but lets compile this and look a bit at the code.  
Just randomly found for JP and ENG Speech to text.  
Originally from University of Kyoto.  
https://julius.osdn.jp/juliusbook/en/desc_install.html

https://github.com/julius-speech/dictation-kit
https://github.com/julius-speech/julius

Yeah, distraction I think.  
Let's just use the python libraries for now.  

**transcribe.py
See if we can get this to work and modify to utilize probably during record.py.  
We can use it in here and before uploading get the transcript.  We need timestamps though.  
And then just save that in a separate file the same way we do the midi file.  
Then when we do analyze, we can pull the text we want from this file.  


