ACT#1 TOC

Initial definition of Writing Process:
1. Recall goals
2. Recall progress
3. Set new goals

Recall goals of this period.  
--Goals:
My goals were quite unclear at the start.  
I initially started what I will call ACT#1 because I figured I had enough knowledge and ability to share something with the world.  
So I decided to start recording myself doing something.  I had to think what I enjoy enough to continue on a regular basis, but something also that others may or could enjoy.  
This led me to one of my first loves, music.  


--Divergence:
  I allow my kids mostly unfettered access to technology and by this time, they had become infatuated with Youtubers of all kinds.  
  What does this mean for a father when his children want to watch a random person talk more than they want to listen to the constant droning of their own father.  
  Granted most Youtubers just like the sound of their own voice.  I believe this "narcissism" is a necessary evil for any performer.  
  Some allow "narcissism" to take more than others.  
  I have always tried to remain humble, although generally I am one of the smarter people in the room in most rooms.  
  This is me being humble LOL.  



Recall general progress points:
Thinking progress
Musical progress
Technical Progress

Prior to publishing, 
Relisten/read anything with "words" over the period and add anything worth mention.  


--Future Goals:




ACT#1 
So I choose music to start to share my thoughts with the world.  
Music has always been a passion for me, and it was something I wanted to share with my children.  
While studying music, my brain has been stimulated and already created some unexpected offshoots of thought.  
All the code shared here is one of those offshoots.  
Another is the increased ability to decipher speech, as well as multiple conversations simultaneously.  
Essentially music helps train the real-time processing power in my brain.  
Whether this is an aspect that comes out during the learning of music for most people or not and to what extent, I do not know.  
I also do not know the future "learning curve" for myself or others.  
Although we are all human, the "learning curve" varies significantly depending on health as well as time/determination and past experiences.  
All the things that control this "learning curve" I believe cannot be fully known with current technology.  
But I do believe we will understand it better in the future.  Perhaps this "WORK" will even help someone understand the learning process.  
I wanted to share my "love of learning" with my children, and I thought why not just share it with the world.  
By doing this I realize I take some risk to my own safety and those I love.  
Currently only very few people are aware of this "WORK".  
But I expect over time, this number will increase, and as it does my personal risk will increase.  

But I believe helping someone learn is one of the truest and most beautiful things you can do for another human.  
And I choose to believe in the good in humanity as a whole and so I choose to share this.  
If I perish early in my efforts, it is possible this work will be misunderstood.  
This is partly why I leave these field notes.  




So I choose music, so I choose piano to start to share my thoughts with the world.  
Of the available instruments, those which allow for a single person to convey multiple streams of concsiousness allow for the most communication.  
Of the available instruments, I believe the piano is the pre-eminent one.  
Others include Guitar and guitar-like stringed instruments.  
But I dont like irritating my fingers, and with current technology the ability to create a variety of synthesized sounds with pianos makes it an easy choice for me.  
I am not a historian, but I will be reading more on all of these subjects as we go.  
I choose to read some Chopin biographies to start.  





--START Brief history:
The extent of my "learned" music ended at about 18.  
I primarily played Trombone and Euphonium (Been so long I had to check that spelling) between about 12 and 18.  
So I was well aware of musical notation and I had already been able to create a rudimentary "mastery" of those instruments.  
I dabbled a bit during this time with the piano, but mostly just playing whatever I felt, and never really did much in terms of being able to read music.  
I dabbled a bit during this time also with guitar, but it was never consistent.  

I will estimate my total hours on each instrument during my lifetime for context.  

Age 6:
Piano lessons once a week (30 mins/week or ~25-50 hours total)
This continued for approximately 1-2 years, but I very rarely practiced, so mostly it was just this 30 mins/week or about 25 total hours throughout the year.  

Age 12-14:
Euphonium/Trombone in band class (1 hour/day or ~800 hours total)
Practice on these instruments was minimal to start, but in school there was always band, so this was probably somewhere around 800 hours total

Age 15-17:
Euphonium/Trombone in band class (1 hour/day or ~800 hours total)
Practice outside of class could range from 0-4 hours/day.  
Usually around 1 hour/day I suspect during this time.  (so additional ~800 hours total)
Piano playing when I felt like it occurred during this period, usually without any music (~200 hours total)

Age 18:
Euphonium/Trombone study at University (~2 hour/day or ~500 hours total)


After 18, I lost touch with music and became more interested in other things.  



My history with technology can give some perspective.  

As a young adult, I fell in love with technology.  
At 18-19 I learned the fundamentals of programming languages.
During this time I continued somewhat with music, but it started to fade in the face of the possibilities that the computer represented.  

At 20-21 or so, I started creating a mesh networking project which was a mix between facebook and Napster (never published).  

Somewhere around this time I also created a Blackjack probability analysis tool.  

In my spare time, this sort of thing continued.  

At 24-25, I created a browser plugin project which helped me learn Japanese (never published)

At 28-29, I started my largest project which helped me understand data about the Planet (published, never used much, never advertised).  
This project no longer functions because of changes to the technology it was built on, but could probably be re-started.  

After I had children most of this extra-cirricular activity stopped for a period of time.  
And I worked for "THE MAN" and for "THE KIDS"

Now "THE KIDS" pretty much take care of themselves.  

And now my interests have now wandered back to music.  
I still work for "THE MAN", but I kind of am "THE MAN" now.  

At 43, I became interested in sharing music with my children.  
At 44, I decided to start this "WORK" and share it with my fellow humans.  

--END Brief history


I have learned a variety of things about a variety of subjects.  
But most things that I consider interesting which I have learned, I have never had any "formal education".  
So I choose music, so I choose piano, so I choose to teach myself.  
Perhaps this is why I have some idiosyncracies with my thoughts regarding music and what I want to do.  
My initial thoughts about how I want to learn music were not clear when I started.  
They are still muddled thoughts, however somewhat clearer.  

In my mind, no single piece or genre of music is definitively better than others that are similar.  
In the same way, no performance is definitively better than another.  
Why do I say this?  Because we have not defined any agreed-upon measurement process for determining beauty or truth in music.  
Of course, I want to find the beauty in each piece because I want to experience joy and beauty and truth.  
I do believe there is truth to be found in music, but I dont believe anyone understands that truth very well.  
I believe the act of making music is closer to that truth than the act of listening to it.  
I believe all music should be alive, and I will create within any piece of music as I see fit.  
Much of that creation will be problematic.  If the creation is perfect the first time, it is not really creation.  
Perfection is one way to experience music, but it is not at the forefront of my mind when I play music.  


Participation in music creation comes primarily from two classes, composers and performers.  
There is some overlap, and generally to call yourself a musician you need to participate in both to some extent.  
The reason I play music alone is simply due to efficiency.  It is time-consuming to find others who may want to participate.  
Eventually I suspect I will start playing with others.  Perhaps 1-2 years in the future.  But I do not work on a timeline.  
Also I dont see this being a focus of mine even after several years.  



POLICY:
I do not listen to other performers perform the music which I play.  
In some cases I have heard the pieces before, but I will NEVER attempt to copy all the stylistic and intricate details from another performer.  
When I listen to another performer, I am just interested somewhat in their style and their tendencies, and I decide if I like that style or those tendencies.  
I may attempt to adapt those tendencies.  But I do not listen to other performers often.  
This is simply because I dont want to unconciously copy them.  And my mind sometimes will do that if I remember a performance.  

POLICY:
I create within whatever music I am playing if I feel inclined.  

POLICY:
I do not adhere strictly to tempo rules, hence the name Mr. Rubato.  
This allows me to play at my pace whatever that is for a particular piece, or segment of a piece.  
I will make some exceptions to this when I am playing with someone and they prefer a particular style or tempo, I may adapt their style or tempo.  

POLICY: 
My goal is to be able to play a piece enjoyably in one sitting.  
If the piece is beyond my capability to play in one sitting, I will slow it.  
If it is not enjoyable to play slowly, I may stop and come back later if I am curious, or may never come back.  

POLICY:
I play whatever music I feel inclined to play.  
I will make exceptions sometimes if people in my physical vicinity request certain songs.  
I have not decided if I will take requests other than this yet.  

POLICY:
Any music I write for now will be done using algorithms only.  


