LOL, just started reading the Chopin biography, and still in the prologue, but I had to laugh at a few of the things.  
I am not comparing myself to Chopin, just trying to understand why I like his music.  
But I have decided to learn a bit more about the people who made the music.  
Because I do believe understanding a person's life and thoughts are of vital importance to try to understand the work.  



1. Tuberculosis is no laughing matter.  
I guess I shouldnt complain about my minor struggle with insomnia.  


2. Chopin didnt like Liszt, as I suspected.  I only made this assumption based on the part of one of Chopin's pieces which has "a Liszt" in it.  
I have seen other markings like this, but this particular part was just an abrasive few minutes inside of a nice melodic piece.  
And it just seems out of place.  I think he was teasing him.  
I am curious now about the other dedications and who the people were.  
The music definitely has meaning of sorts, but how to interpret that meaning is something I look forward to contemplating.  
I will try not to let the fact that I am reading about him hinder my interpretation, but the words of the books I read may seep into my subconcious mind.  



3. Chopin liked playing in front of "friends", and not necessarily for the public.  Luckily now we can make the performances available with the technology we have.  
I still havent decided how to approach what to do (record or not, publish or not) when I play while other people are around.  
Since I record video and often the surrounding sounds along with the piano, it is a conundrum.  
Playing occurs in my home, but I want to respect peoples' privacy.  
Having a discussion about whether I can publish the music I play with each individual in the vicinity is an annoyance and a time suck I could do without.  
Perhaps I will mark these and publish them at a much later date when nobody really cares anymore.  
At the moment people are unsure exactly what to feel when they find out what I am doing.  
I recall mentioning to someone that I upload everything to youtube, and she was interested in how many followers I have.  
I said 30 and she laughed.  The social media aspect of today's world has warped our understanding of what is important in the world.  
I dont really participate, although I have tried to a bit more recently.  
The primary purpose of the "WORK" is not to have people follow me.  However I do want to make the "WORK" public.  


4. Chopin would often during the course of creation end up back where he started after much toil.  
This makes me think of how easy it is to record and analyze all of the creations now with the help of computers.  
I intend to utilize technology as much as I find convenient to provide the best process during creation as well as analysis.  
If I am able to contribute anything substantial to the musical world from the "WORK", my integration of technology into the creative process is probably what it will be.  
But I may become fairly good at piano in the meantime.  I am very interested in the learning curve and intend to analyze it when I have enough good data.  

5. Chopin was influenced by Beethoven, Mozart and Bach.  
This reminded me that I havent recorded much/anything from Mozart/Bach yet, but I do like both.  

6. Chopin's preference for "p (piano)" is something I think I share.  I often write "like that light touch" or something similar when reviewing my playing.  
I recall recently when my wife's friend, who is a very good pianist, came over and played something.  
I had to turn down the volume on her (sorry).  



Thinking about the technology aspect of things, I am trying to organize how exactly I should utilize keywords with each upload.  
In order to analyze the data afterwards, I think I need markings for 
MOOD and perhaps some other things.  


I decided this time for this musical "WORK", I would start sharing from a very early stage.  
For what is palatable to most people, it is probably too early.  
However as mentioned in chapter1, I have done extremely large (and quite interesting) projects by myself, and never published them.  
But I couldnt forgive myself if I did that with something as sharing and communicative as music.  
So I started sharing from a very early stage.  I am glad I did, because it has now become part of the process to share this source code, and the words.  


Note to self:
No need to mark WORDS in the description.  
We can just use the other markings to extract the audio from the segments which are not between START/END, and try to use a speech to text engine at some point to get the words.  

Todo:
Chapter names dont need to be chapter...
Just put the date we start the page.  
Used to do this at work until I got bored in about 2017.  

-Put the title into the video on upload.  
-Do we want an original computer generated MIDI and compare to this?
We would adjust the speed to whatever the speed of the playing is, and then compare what is the variation of the notes compared with 
algorithmically generated notes.  
Unfortunately I dont know if it will be easy to get the original, I suspect it will be fine for the classical pieces.  
But some popular music this may not be available on musescore or similar.  

-First just get a tool so we can make comments easier.  
I hate typing (mm:ss), etc.  
The time is not accurate because I need to switch tabs and also it is an annoyance.  
Basic functionality will just be to embed the youtube video along with the MIDI mentioned in the description now.  
For now just do the chat functionality.  
Text box fills in a larger text field on enter and takes the video's current time (minus some delay).  
Track how long from first letter until completion (+ extra delay of some sort).  
Fill this into the existing description in the right place, with carriage return.  


-later make it easy to select the video that I want to comment on.  For now dont use the API to update, just copy paste until we are sure everything is working.  
-Need marking in the video description to indicate it was edited already.  Then we skip all videos which have this marking.  
-Need to see if we can get all videos without a playlist.  
My usage of playlists leaves something to be desired.  

-Also for now just do up to 6 sessions per day due to the youtube API limitation.  This should be enough anyway for most days.  

-For now dont worry about TTS engine, but eventually probably want to embed that so I dont have to use my hands.  
Now do the easy text based functionality.  

For now just do the basic functionality to insert youtube link and play it in a page via javascript.  

