Preface:
I was trying to analyze the first 6 months of what I had done.  
And started reflecting on why intelligible words or written words are necessary to attempt to explain this act.  
Realizing that my snippets of words alone hardly make sense to me, I could not expect others to make sense of them.  
However I do wish to explain what has led me to spend a large part of my time doing this "ACT".  

I made a quick decision for now to include this "BOOK" in the source code which I share at https://github.com/DevinDJdj/mrrubato
Prior to this project, I had made somewhat large source code projects before on my own.  
But these projects took a back seat in light of my largest projects K and M.  
And these projects have all fallen "out of support" due to changes in the computer world, changes in my interests, and long lapses in active development.  


Never have I truly attempted to share my work with the world until now.  
I had just worked on what interested me, and if the world was interested, so be it.  
To a large part this is still the case.  

I do apologize ahead of time.  As I have never written a "BOOK", I am sure this will not be polished.  
Also human language has never been a strong point for me, so I hope the "BOOK" is useful for those who spend the time to read it.  
Here follows my attempt.  


Initial code which started this book I will leave in analyze2.py which was just getting started at the time.  

#need written words to explain actually what I am doing.  
#category "BOOK" or "PLAY" or something for not in-time thoughts, but more refined words.  
#each subdivision can be "CHAPTER" or "ACT"
#how can I write a book in real time?  
#how can I construct this so that I am not repeating myself?  
#BOOK will be written in parts, representing each thought period, and included in github.  
#it will explain the past period, while playing music tied to the next period and explaining current thought on next period.  
#for now get rid of the categories, this is cumbersome to do.  
#just have WORDS, BOOK, COMPOSITION, MEMORY, HANASHI, HON
#other labels like SIGHTREAD, or BESTOFDAY just put into description.  
#lets translate the book to Japanese as well, kind of annoying, but it will improve my Japanese, hence my Japanese singing so probably worth it.  

#represent communication types etc with different intervals and different pitch variations.  
#must have pitch change be the differentiator, not true pitch.  
#the same musical representation can be mapped to a computer representation as well.  
#this can serve as a shared language probably with some thought.  



I am human and will inevitably make mistakes as I create this "WORK"
As this "BOOK" is part of my source code, it will be in-progress.  
Please be human if you come across something that should not be here and let me know via a comment on a video for now.  
I will not be editing this much as I hate time sucks.  
Once I have reviewed the content, and deem it organized enough for the human language to convey what I intend to convey, I will read parts of it aloud
and I will mark any videos made while reading this text as "BOOK", so essentially it will be an audio book delivered through Youtube.  

I do not intend or have any expectation to get fortune or fame through this "WORK", however I believe the "WORK" will be interesting.  
If by some off-chance it does become popular, for now I am thinking any donations or Youtube proceeds will be 
distributed to my offspring so they can make something interesting without needing to constantly work for "THE MAN"

Freedom of how to spend my Time is something I always wished I had more of in my youth, but now my time is somewhat limited.  
Money can buy time if you use it wisely.  


CHAPTER1:
The Start

**book
notation of this "WORK"

**genbook
notation of ideas assisted by LLM interaction.  
